STOP. DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING UNTIL YOU HAVE READ THIS FULLY. DO NOT START ANY PLAN.
PRINT ALL OUTPUT AS PLAIN TEXT. NO COLLAPSED BOXES.

Three real, separate items. Read all three before doing anything.

ITEM 1 — DISTINGUISH PLUGIN-ORIGIN VOIDS FROM PLATFORM-UI-ORIGIN VOIDS (read-only check, no
build yet)
The plugin authenticates as the SAME user (logs in with email/password to get a JWT, same as
the platform UI) and its void call hits the IDENTICAL POST .../void endpoint directly - NOT
through lens-sync. So activity_log attribution to "Roberto" cannot by itself distinguish
plugin-origin from platform-button-origin - both look identical in that table. Check: is
there ANY way to actually tell them apart - request user-agent string in deployment logs, IP
address, timestamp correlation against any other plugin-only signal (e.g. a request to
lens-sync or lens-pull happening in the same few minutes, which only the plugin ever calls)?
If there is truly no way to distinguish them with what's logged today, say so plainly. Do NOT
re-assert "no plugin path exists" without this specific check - the plugin does have a direct
path to that exact endpoint, confirmed by the code that was written for it tonight.

ITEM 2 — FIX THE ALWAYS-ON REFRESH BANNER (this one can be fixed now, it's small and
well-understood)
The "New viewpoints may be available - Click to refresh" banner on the Lens Viewpoints page
renders unconditionally with no real state check behind it - it shows on every visit
regardless of whether anything is actually pending. Either: (a) remove the banner entirely if
there's no reliable signal available to drive it honestly, or (b) if there IS a reliable
signal (e.g. comparing the plugin's last-sync timestamp against current time, or some other
real indicator), wire the banner to that signal so it only shows when there's an actual
reason to. Use your own judgment on which approach fits this codebase better - we are not
dictating the implementation, just the goal: don't show a "you might be missing something"
message when there's no real basis for it. Show the diff either way.

ITEM 3 — DURABLE FIX FOR THE DISPLAY_ID COLLISION RISK (the thing flagged as a recurrence
risk, not yet fixed)
Confirmed: row id=24 was a stray duplicate caused by a retried pending-action sync emitting a
display_id that collided with an already-existing chain, because lens-sync's dedup logic keys
on viewpoint_id, not display_id - so a retry with a different viewpoint_id but the same
display_id was never caught. This can happen again. In your own judgment, what's the right
fix here - a uniqueness guard on display_id within active rows, a different dedup key
strategy, or something else entirely given how this table and the plugin's retry behavior
actually work? Propose what you'd build and why, then build it. We are giving you the goal
(stop this collision from recurring) and the constraint (must not break the existing
supersede-chain/partial-unique-index behavior already in place), not a specific
implementation to follow.

For items 2 and 3, show the exact diff and run the mandatory rebuild:
rm -rf artifacts/api-server/dist && cd artifacts/api-server && pnpm build 2>&1 | tail -3
Rebuild the frontend too since item 2 touches frontend code. Print ALL output as plain text.
No collapsed boxes.