Update the Pricing page with the final confirmed pricing. Replace all Contact Us pricing placeholders with the actual prices below. Keep the page layout and all feature lists exactly as they are — only update the pricing numbers and add annual pricing options.
FREE tier — $0 — no changes needed.
PROFESSIONAL tier — $149 per month or $1,490 per year — add both options. Show the annual price with a note "Save 2 months — best value". Change the subtitle to "For small coordination firms and independent BIM coordinators. Up to 3 active projects."
Add a new TEAM tier card between Professional and Business — $249 per month or $2,490 per year — subtitle "For mid-size firms running multiple projects simultaneously. Up to 5 active projects." Feature list: Everything in Professional plus BIMLog Performance Score, Drawing Register, Change Order Log, Punch List and Snagging, Daily Reports. Show annual price with "Save 2 months" note.
BUSINESS tier — $399 per month or $3,990 per year — add both options with annual save note. Change subtitle to "For established GCs and BIM management firms. Up to 10 active projects."
ENTERPRISE tier — Custom pricing starting at $2,000 per month — subtitle "For large GCs, developers, and institutions managing unlimited projects." Keep Contact Us button.
Add a Founding Partner section below the 4 tier cards and above the Why BIMLog Pays For Itself section. Style it as a highlighted banner with a gold or amber border. Title: "Founding Partner Program — Limited Availability". Text: "Sign before public launch and lock your pricing for 36 months. Founding Partners receive: Professional at $99 per month, Team at $179 per month, Business at $299 per month, Enterprise pricing negotiated individually. Founding Partners also receive priority feature development — your requests go to the top of the roadmap — and direct access to the BIMLog founding team. We are accepting a limited number of founding partners. Contact us to discuss." Button: Apply for Founding Partner Program — links to /contact.
Add a pricing toggle at the top of the tier cards — Monthly and Annual — so users can switch between seeing monthly and annual prices. Default to monthly.
Then rebuild and redeploy. Show exact output of this check:
grep -n "149|249|399|2000|Founding Partner|annual|Annual" artifacts/bimlog/src/pages/Pricing.tsx | head -20