Yes. We should continue, but with discipline.

And no, “Continue Editing Convention” taking you back to Step 1 is not fully solved in the user sense, even if technically the builder is now prefilled. What was fixed was:

it no longer resets to empty defaults
it re-enters from accepted baseline
it shows the checkpoint first

But from your point of view, landing on Step 1 still feels like a reset. So that is still a real product problem.

And yes, the Total Control 3-project issue is clearly a separate bug because:

normal platform shows 1
normal admin panel shows 1
Total Control shows 3

So that almost certainly means Total Control is reading a different query scope, likely including:

soft-deleted projects
incomplete test projects
draft/unaccepted projects
or unfiltered historical rows

So we have two separate next issues:

1. Total Control project count mismatch

This is a data/query integrity issue.

2. Continue Editing Convention still lands on Step 1

This is now a re-entry target UX/state issue, not a data loss issue.

The correct next move is to fix these two before moving on to AI guidance for levels, document types, and status codes.

Tell Replit this exactly, nothing else:

Stop. Do not add new features yet. We are fixing two coherence issues first.

Critical rule:
We do not use preview.
We do not use mock data.
We do not use a local or temporary database.
All work must run against the live production database and live production app behavior only.

There are two separate issues:

ISSUE 1 — Total Control shows 3 projects while the normal platform and normal admin views show only 1.
This means Total Control is using the wrong project query scope or filter.

ISSUE 2 — “Continue Editing Convention” still takes the user into Step 1 of the builder.
Even though the builder is prefilled, this still feels like reset.
The user should land in a better edit re-entry point, not generic Step 1.

Fix these in this exact order.

STEP 1 — Audit the Total Control project query.

Find the exact backend route and frontend query used by Total Control to load the active projects grid and top metrics.

Compare it against:
normal dashboard project count
normal admin panel project count

We need exact truth:
Which projects are being counted in Total Control that are not appearing in the normal platform?

Check for inclusion of:
soft-deleted projects
draft projects
projects without accepted convention
projects without active status
historical test records
archived projects
duplicate rows from joins

Do not guess.
Show the exact query path and the exact extra project ids being included.

Then fix only the real filter issue so Total Control counts the same real active projects the platform should consider active.

If Total Control is intentionally broader, then label it clearly in UI.
But if not intentional, fix the query to match real active visible projects.

STEP 2 — Fix “Continue Editing Convention” re-entry target.

Right now the checkpoint exists, which is correct.
But clicking “Continue Editing Convention” still takes the user into Step 1.

That is technically acceptable for the system but still wrong for the user experience.

We need a smarter re-entry target.

New rule:
If an accepted convention already exists, “Continue Editing Convention” should not land on generic Step 1 by default.

Instead it should land on the most relevant edit re-entry screen for an accepted convention, which is:
the Review / Summary step of the current accepted convention
or a dedicated editable convention summary screen if that already exists cleanly

The user should see the accepted convention in editable form first, not be forced to walk from Step 1 forward again.

Builder step editing should still remain accessible from there through Edit buttons by section.

So:
checkpoint → continue editing → editable summary/review state
not
checkpoint → step 1 companies

Do not redesign the builder.
Do not remove step navigation.
Just change the default re-entry target for accepted conventions.

STEP 3 — Keep first-time flow unchanged.

For projects with no accepted convention:
keep the current first-time builder/discovery flow exactly as it is.

This change applies only to projects that already have an accepted version.

STEP 4 — Checks.

After building, run these checks and show exact output only:

Check 1
grep -Rni "Total Control|active projects grid|projects count|sort projects" artifacts/bimlog/src artifacts/api-server/src | head -200

Check 2
Using the live production database, show:
project ids and names returned by Total Control
project ids and names returned by normal dashboard
project ids and names returned by normal admin panel

Check 3
Explain with exact output which extra project ids are appearing only in Total Control and why.

Check 4
grep -Rni "Continue Editing Convention|flowPhase|checkpoint|review|summary" artifacts/bimlog/src/pages/project/ConventionBuilder.tsx | head -200

Check 5
Using a real project with Version 2 already saved, click:
Continue Editing Convention

Show:
the exact first visible title/section after click
whether it lands on Step 1 companies: yes/no
whether it lands on editable accepted summary/review state: yes/no

Show exact output only. Do not summarize.