Stop. Do not add features. Do not redesign anything. Do not assume anything is fixed. We are now in strict diagnostic and targeted fix mode only.

Critical rule:
We do not use preview.
We do not use mock data.
We do not use a local or temporary database.
All checks, fixes, and validations must run against the live production app behavior and live production database only.

There are five confirmed live issues. We will handle them one by one in this exact order. Do not batch them. Do not summarize. After each issue, show exact code changed, exact endpoint response, and exact UI result.

ISSUE 1 — Total Control still shows 3 active projects in the live super admin view.

This is not fixed.

Step 1:
Show the exact backend code for:

GET /admin/projects
GET /admin/platform-stats
GET /admin/overview

Step 2:
Show the exact queries used for:

totalProjects
activeProjects
project grid rows

Step 3:
Run these exact live DB queries and show raw output:

SELECT id, name, status, created_at FROM projects ORDER BY id;
SELECT COUNT() AS total_non_archived FROM projects WHERE status != 'archived';
SELECT COUNT() AS total_active FROM projects WHERE status = 'active';

Step 4:
Using the live production browser, inspect the actual requests used by Total Control for:

top metrics
project grid

Show:

exact request URLs
exact response bodies related to project counts and project rows
exact numbers visible in UI for All Projects and Active Projects
exact project ids and names visible in the grid

Step 5:
Identify the real mismatch. Do not guess. Possible causes include:

frontend binding using wrong field
different endpoint for cards vs grid
stale cached response
backend count query still wrong
archived projects still included somewhere

Step 6:
Fix only the real cause.

Step 7:
After the fix, show exact outputs:

UI All Projects
UI Active Projects
visible project ids and names in the grid

ISSUE 2 — Edit Foundational Settings is broken.

Live behavior reported:

it jumps into the wrong step
disciplines look incomplete or wrong
user cannot clearly edit what they intended

Step 1:
Show the exact code for:

onEditFoundational handler
wizard state declaration
step routing logic
foundationalEditMode flag logic
step 0 render path
step 1 render path if relevant

Step 2:
Using the live app, click Edit Foundational Settings and log the exact state immediately after click:

flowPhase
step
foundationalEditMode
hasExisting
any other state that determines routing

Step 3:
Show the exact first visible section after click in the live UI.

Step 4:
Identify why it is not behaving like a clean foundational edit mode.

Correct behavior:
Edit Foundational Settings must open the foundational settings area only, clearly marked as editing foundational settings of an already accepted convention.
It must not feel like generic setup or a broken jump into unrelated builder state.

Step 5:
Fix only the real cause.

Step 6:
After the fix, show exact outputs:

exact first visible section after click
exact banner text shown
whether foundationalEditMode is active yes/no
exact visible editable foundational controls

ISSUE 3 — Save after foundational edits appears to do nothing.

Live behavior reported:

user edits foundational settings
clicks save
no confirmation
no new version
no visible indication anything happened

Step 1:
Show the exact function handling the save action from that state.

Step 2:
Using the live app, perform the save and show:

exact request URL
exact request payload
exact response status
exact response body

Step 3:
Run the exact live DB query after save and show raw output:

SELECT id, project_id, convention_version, created_at, created_by_id
FROM naming_convention_versions
WHERE project_id = 5
ORDER BY convention_version DESC, created_at DESC;

Step 4:
Confirm with exact evidence:

was a new version created yes/no
if no, where did it fail
if yes, why did the UI fail to confirm it

Step 5:
Fix only the real cause.

Step 6:
After the fix, show exact outputs:

exact visible confirmation in UI after save
whether a new version row exists yes/no
exact newest version row

ISSUE 4 — Re-analysis is unsafe when wrong-job files are uploaded.

Live behavior reported:

obviously wrong files from another job were analyzed
the result did not stand out strongly enough
user could easily click accept and damage the convention

This is a serious safety issue.

Step 1:
Show how re-analysis currently classifies results in backend and frontend.
We need the exact logic for:

conflicts
mismatches
unresolved
confidence
warnings

Step 2:
Show exactly how the UI currently styles or highlights a high-risk re-analysis result.

Step 3:
Implement this exact rule:

If the re-analysis evidence is clearly inconsistent with the current accepted convention baseline or appears to belong to a different job, then:

highlight the warning state in red
show a clear title such as:
High Risk — External or Inconsistent Evidence Detected
require double confirmation before acceptance

The two confirmations must be:

Accept changes
Confirm override of existing accepted convention with inconsistent evidence

Do not redesign the whole review screen.
Do not change AI prompts unnecessarily.
Add the minimum correct safety behavior only.

Step 4:
Using the live app, reproduce with wrong-job files and show:

exact warning text
exact color/severity state
whether double confirmation appears yes/no

ISSUE 5 — CVR Reports still do not work properly.

Live behavior reported:

user still cannot get a meaningful report
empty state or broken state is still not trustworthy

Step 1:
Show the exact frontend request used by CVR Reports:

URL
method

Step 2:
Show the exact backend route handling that request.

Step 3:
Using the live project, run and show:

exact response status
exact response body

Step 4:
Run the exact live DB checks needed to prove whether CVR data exists for this project.
Show raw outputs for the real underlying source rows used by the report.

Step 5:
Determine exact truth:

no data exists
data exists but query is wrong
data exists but project scoping is wrong
UI mapping is wrong
processing path never wrote the CVR data

Do not guess.

Step 6:
Fix only the real cause.

Step 7:
After the fix, show exact outputs:

exact CVR request URL
exact response status
exact response body
exact visible UI state
whether the report is now truly working yes/no

Final rule:
Do not move to the next issue until the current one is fully proven with exact outputs.

Start with ISSUE 1 only. Show exact outputs only. No summaries.