STOP. DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING UNTIL YOU HAVE READ THIS FULLY. DO NOT START ANY PLAN.
PRINT ALL OUTPUT AS PLAIN TEXT. NO COLLAPSED BOXES.

We're adding AI-assisted email drafting for the RFI send preview (the copy-paste text shown
alongside Mark as Sent). Today this text is 100% static client-side template, assembled from
already-stored RFI fields with no generation. We want a new, full AI-generated version, built
on the same proven pattern as the existing POST /rfis/generate-question endpoint (same
Anthropic client construction, same claude-haiku-4-5 model, same env vars), but with its own
distinct prompt suited to a real email rather than a formal RFI question fragment.

WHAT TO BUILD:

1. New endpoint: POST /api/v1/projects/:projectId/rfis/:rfiId/generate-email-preview
   (or similar path — match existing route-naming conventions in rfis.ts). Auth: same pattern
   as other RFI routes (requireProjectMember or whatever the file's existing convention is for
   read/generate-style actions — confirm and match, don't invent new auth).

2. Input: pull directly from the RFI's already-stored fields (number, subject, question/
   description, submittedToPerson, submittedToCompany, submittedByContact, submittedByCompany,
   dateRequired) — same fields the current static template already uses. No new brief-input
   field is needed for THIS endpoint specifically, since the formal RFI text already exists by
   this point in the flow; the AI's job is to turn that already-drafted formal content into a
   natural, professional EMAIL — not to invent new technical content.

3. Prompt should instruct the model to: write a complete, natural-sounding professional email
   (greeting, brief plain-English framing of the issue, the formal RFI question/request,
   mention of response-due-date if present, professional closing) addressed to the named
   recipient, from the named sender, referencing the RFI number and subject — while preserving
   every technical/factual detail from the original RFI question text exactly, not summarizing
   away any technical specifics. Output should be the full email body text only, nothing else
   (mirror the existing "write only the X, nothing else" discipline from generate-question).

4. Frontend: in the RFI detail panel's existing "Preview email" section, replace the static
   sendPreviewText construction with a call to this new endpoint, showing a loading state
   while generating, and falling back to the existing static template ONLY if the AI call
   fails (so the feature degrades gracefully, never blocks Mark as Sent from working) — note
   the existing generate-question endpoint's API key fallback is "dummy" and does not fail
   loud; confirm whether this new endpoint should behave the same way or should surface a
   clear "AI draft unavailable, using basic template" message instead, given this is shown to
   the end user, not just used as a hidden input. Recommend the latter for user-facing
   transparency, but confirm with us before deciding finally if this changes other patterns
   in the file.

5. Keep the existing "Copy to clipboard" behavior working on whatever text is currently shown,
   AI-generated or fallback.

6. Show us the exact current code before changing it, then the exact diff after, for: the new
   endpoint, and the RfiDetailPanel section being modified.

7. Confirm via a live test on a safe test RFI (not project 26) that calling the new endpoint
   produces a real, complete email body referencing the correct RFI number/subject/recipient,
   and that the existing Mark as Sent flow still works unaffected.

Then run the mandatory rebuild:
rm -rf artifacts/api-server/dist && cd artifacts/api-server && pnpm build 2>&1 | tail -3

Print ALL output as plain text. No collapsed boxes.