STOP. DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING UNTIL YOU HAVE READ THIS FULLY. DO NOT START ANY PLAN.
PRINT ALL OUTPUT AS PLAIN TEXT. NO COLLAPSED BOXES.

This is the full remaining list. Some items need an honest current-state check first since we
may have lost track of what's actually done vs assumed done. Read everything before acting.

PART A - HONEST STATUS CHECK (read-only, answer before any fixing)

A1. Earlier tonight, a 9-item RFI fix instruction was sent. The completion summary only
    confirmed 4 of them (Linked Items label, RFI edit path, floating toggle overlap, AI email
    context). Item 9 - the "Jump to Viewpoint" button on an RFI opening a new browser tab to a
    raw JSON response that sits open forever - was included in that instruction but never
    confirmed in the summary. Check the real current code: was it actually built, or dropped?

A2. Check honestly, with real code, whether these wiring gaps (flagged across multiple past
    sessions) are still real today:
    - Agents (clash-agent, rfi-agent, briefing-agent) built but never fired on save endpoints
    - change_orders imports createNotification but never calls it
    - rfi_ball_in_court_history has no writer besides the original Mark-as-Sent path
    - linked_items creation is admin-write gated and barely surfaced
    Confirm each is still accurate, or say plainly if any have since been addressed.

A3. Does tonight's own lens_viewpoint/revision work have this same "built but not wired"
    pattern anywhere? Your own honest read, not a defense of the work.

PART B - ITEM 8: NATIVE PROMPT BUTTONS "DO NOTHING" - STILL UNRESOLVED
Roberto reported clicking through both native prompt()/confirm() dialogs on Edit/Reassign/
Void with real typed text and seeing no visible result. This was never conclusively explained
(only theories: stale cache, silent prompt-cancel). The goal: make it IMPOSSIBLE for this
class of "looks broken, might secretly be working" experience to happen again - whatever that
takes given your judgment of this codebase (real modals instead of native dialogs, visible
loading/success/error states, whatever you think is right). We are not specifying the
implementation, just the requirement: any click on Edit/Reassign/Void must produce an
unambiguous, visible result every time, with no silent paths.

PART C - FOUR DEFERRED PLUGIN-ADJACENT ITEMS - decide what's server-fixable
For each, in your own judgment: is there a server-side change that would help, even if the
full fix needs plugin-side work we'll do separately afterward?
1. A queued plugin action stuck retrying against a permanently-superseded row id forever,
   with no way to find the current active head of that chain. Is there already a way for an
   external client to resolve "given this old id, what's the current active row for this
   same physical viewpoint" - or should one exist?
2. Existing-row re-sync never returns trade_floor_seq, even though lens-pull's payload
   already includes it elsewhere. Confirm whether that's true, and if a client could already
   recover the value from lens-pull today.
3. Read-only plugin users get silent sync failures (401/403) with no clear signal of why. Is
   there a clearer way the server could signal "you don't have write permission" that an
   external client could surface properly?
4. Navisworks-side optimistic numbers diverging visually from corrected platform numbers -
   this is likely an accepted, documented limitation rather than something to fix. Confirm
   your own view on whether anything server-side would meaningfully help here, or if it's
   genuinely a plugin-display limitation only.

PART D - RFI WORK, FOLDED BACK IN
Given Part A1/A2 results, fix whatever is confirmed still broken from the original RFI
findings list and the wiring gaps - using your own judgment on implementation, not ours.

For every actual fix in Parts B/C/D, show the exact diff. Run the mandatory rebuild after:
rm -rf artifacts/api-server/dist && cd artifacts/api-server && pnpm build 2>&1 | tail -3
Rebuild the frontend too if anything touches frontend code. Print ALL output as plain text.
No collapsed boxes.