Stop. Do not redesign the Convention Builder. Do not change prompts. Do not add features. Fix only the broken state connections and flow coherence.

Critical rule:
We do not use preview.
We do not use mock data.
We do not use a local or temporary database.
All work must run against the live production database and live production app behavior only.

This is the actual problem:
The AI discovery flow works.
The builder exists.
Versioning exists.
But after “Accept and continue to builder”, the system does not behave like one connected flow.

Current symptoms:

it appears to jump back into earlier builder steps in a confusing way
it does not clearly carry the AI-proposed structure into the builder
the user loses confidence because it looks like the AI work was ignored
the final convention can duplicate the same prefix twice, for example BIMCP-BIMCP

We are fixing only these three things:

Hydrate the builder from the accepted AI discovery result
Lock the routing/step transition so discovery does not feel like it resets the process
Prevent duplicate prefix generation when the same code appears twice

Build this in exact order:

STEP 1 — Hydrate builder state from AI discovery result.

When the user clicks:
Accept and continue to builder

the Convention Builder must not open with default generic/manual state.
It must open preloaded from the accepted AI discovery result.

That means the accepted discovery result must map into the builder state before the main wizard steps render.

At minimum, hydrate these builder areas from the accepted discovery result if data exists:
companies / abbreviations if derived or already set
disciplines
systems
document types
extra fields
field order
convention guidance
ambiguities / notes if relevant
any other builder state already supported that should obviously come from the accepted AI result

Important:
Do not leave the builder looking generic or reset after AI acceptance.
The user must feel that the AI proposal became the starting point of the manual builder.

STEP 2 — Persist the accepted discovery result as the active draft state before entering the main wizard.

Do not rely only on transient React state if that is causing the confusion.
If needed, persist an accepted discovery draft to the backend for that project before routing into the builder.

If you need a field or a draft object, do it cleanly.
But do not build a new subsystem.
Use the minimum persistence needed so that:
refreshing the page
navigating back
or reopening the builder
still shows the AI-derived starting point instead of a generic reset

If the existing naming_conventions row is the right place to store this pre-builder working state, use it.
If not, add the minimum clean support needed.

STEP 3 — Lock the flow transition.

After the user completes:
Project Convention Setup
then Import Existing Structure / discovery
then Suggested Convention Structure
then clicks Accept and continue to builder

the next screen must be the builder already hydrated from that accepted discovery result.

It must not feel like:
the system restarted
the user went backward
the user is seeing unrelated defaults
the AI work was discarded

Do not send the user back through setup_context or generic company/disciplines defaults in a confusing way.

The flow must feel continuous:
Setup
Discovery
Review AI result
Builder preloaded from accepted result
Review / save

If the builder still needs to show step 1 company/separator first, that is acceptable only if the values are already intelligently prefilled from the accepted result and clearly part of the same flow.
It must not look blank or generic.

STEP 4 — Add a source-of-truth flag for this transition.

Add a small explicit internal state flag for example:
enteredFromDiscovery = true
or equivalent

Use it so the builder knows:
this project is entering the main wizard from an accepted AI convention proposal

This flag must prevent the builder from initializing from generic defaults when it should initialize from accepted discovery output.

STEP 5 — Make the AI-to-builder handoff visible.

At the top of the first builder step after AI acceptance, show a small, clear info banner:

Convention preloaded from accepted AI proposal.
You can now refine the structure before saving.

Do not overdesign it.
Do not add a big new screen.
Just make it clear to the user that the builder is continuing from the AI result, not starting over.

STEP 6 — Fix duplicate prefix generation.

The final convention preview must not repeat the same acronym twice when the same code appears in multiple places.
Example:
BIMCP-BIMCP-...

Add normalization logic so duplicate adjacent or duplicate repeated prefix tokens are not rendered twice.

At minimum:
if two consecutive convention tokens resolve to the same exact string, render it once

If better, use a clean unique-token normalization only for the company/project prefix region where duplication is clearly unintended.
Do not break legitimate repeated codes in other parts of the naming structure.

STEP 7 — Keep versioning and guidance intact.

Do not break:
Version 1 / Version 2 snapshots
Convention History
Project Convention Guidance
re-analysis
guidance persistence
delta review

This is a flow-connection fix only.

STEP 8 — Checks.

After building, run these checks and show exact output only:

Check 1
grep -Rni "Accept and continue to builder|enteredFromDiscovery|preloaded from accepted AI proposal|Convention preloaded from accepted AI proposal" artifacts/bimlog/src/pages/project/ConventionBuilder.tsx | head -100

Check 2
grep -Rni "discoveryResult|hydrat|prefill|initialState|userGuidance" artifacts/bimlog/src/pages/project/ConventionBuilder.tsx artifacts/api-server/src/routes/conventions.ts | head -200

Check 3
grep -Rni "BIMCP-BIMCP|duplicate|unique.*token|consecutive.*same" artifacts/bimlog/src/pages/project/ConventionBuilder.tsx artifacts/bimlog/src/pages/project/NameGenerator.tsx artifacts/api-server/src/routes/conventions.ts | head -100

Check 4
Using the live production app, run one real flow and show:
exact browser URL immediately after clicking Accept and continue to builder
exact first visible title on the next screen
whether the first builder screen is prefilled from the accepted AI proposal: yes/no
whether the info banner appears: yes/no

Check 5
Using the same real flow, show the exact final preview string and confirm whether duplicate prefix repetition is gone: yes/no

Show exact output only. Do not summarize.